docs: add doc for docker-run.sh environment variables (#225)
intel-retail/automated-self-checkout: docs_src/OVMS/pipelinerun.md

- `--color-width`, `color-height`, and `color-framerate`: Allows you to customize the settings of the color frame output from the Intel® RealSense™ Cameras. This parameter will overwrite the default value of RealSense gstreamer. Use `rs-enumerate-devices` to look up the camera's color capability.

### Environment variables

> When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input for container. [Here is a list of environment variables and how to apply](../environment_variables.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running docker-run.sh script, we support environment variables as input for containers. [Here is a list of environment variables and how to apply them](../environment_variables.md)
```
